[Autogenerated] managing the root user.
Let's no see some action with AWS cloud environment and is them.
We simulate global Mantex scenario where you receive credential for a fresh AWS
account about a your CEO and you must securely manage it.
We will see the following topics.
What is two factor authentication and how to manage for the rooty user?
How to disable access keys for the route users and how to
stop password policy for I am users.
Now let me provide more details on multi factor authentication.
Multi factor authentication is a security strategy where you have your
password and you have a token and the combination off.
The two can validate your identity.
A token can be a hardware token,
which is a physical device preferred where you have
strong security requirements.
Harder tokens are in vulnerable to malicious attacks,
and Amazon recommends them to secure your route user on the other side,
Softer talking consists in an app which most of time
is installed on your smartphone.
They are generally considered less secure and generally used to secure.
I am users among a wide range of multi factor authentication.
Strategy is we're going to investigate little more the
universal second Factor authentication, which has recently gained momentum.
It is an open standard which strengthens and
simplifies two factor authentication.
Using specialized universal sale bus cards.
It provides a strong two factor authentication,
which protects against fishing session _________ men
in the middle and malware stocks.
They are very easy to use.
They worked out of the box that,
thanks to native supporting platforms and browsers,
including chrome opera and Mozilla,
no code to type A or driver to install a universal two factor security Cajun.
Every new pairs of key for every service and only
the services store the public e.
With this approach,
no secrets are shared between service providers and an affordable,
universal two factor security.
He can support any number off services.
It is a cost efficient,
since user can choose from a wide range off affordable devices.
And you because is the brand leader now on the market?
The demo as being run with you be key, which costs around $25.
Now let's do some action on AWS account.
First thing to note is that you have separate entry points for the
root user and for the I am users as discussed on Lee.
The root user is now over label.
My AWS account is already in place and credential a story in the browser.
All I have to do is to seinen let me click on I Am service and here we go.
There is some stuff you should not here First.
I am is not related to specific region,
but its configuration can be considered as a global configuration.
Second,
you have specifically where the I am user can second in it
contains your account I D and can also be customized.
For example, let's choose treatable name for it.
Then we can observe that hours security status and needs some attention.
As stated by AWS Gate Lines, we have five issues to be fixed.
Let's start with access keys as already discussed,
that if an access key has been generated for the root user,
it must be deleted.
Please note that the lesson must be preferred over the activation.
Since addictive ated key can be reactivated back,
let's no move to multi factor authentication.
Selected the device type for the root user with select you to F.
U B key device.
We are prompted to insert our you Becky and press on the
golden button on top of the token, and this is done em.
FAA is enabled.
Let's verify it.
Let me look out and looking back after heaven provided the
user name and password for my root account.
I am prompted to insert my you Becky, and here I am back in my AWS account.
Finally, let's create apostles policy.
Following best practise for possible policies implies,
use at least eight characters, requires at least an upper case.
Enable password expiration time.
Allow the user to modify their own password and prevent for password reuse.
Once these configuration is applied,
you can see that we managed to fix three out of five issues related toe our AWS account.